# Sequence Memory Game

**This is a sequence memory game written in Verilog for the DE1-SoC. The user is shown a grid of 4 squares where a coloured pattern will be displayed and the user must match the pattern by inputting through the 4 keys on the FPGA board. The speed the pattern is displayed increases every level and at the end of the game the user is shown a bouncing smiley or sad face if they win or lose.**

## Usage
This project makes use of 1-port ROM modules generated by the Quartus II software, and are configured to read the data in the mif files. The program displays white or another colour based on the 1 and 0 values in the mif files and are used to display the smiley and sad faces at when the game terminates. The mif files were created this way to use a minimal amount of storage on the board, but can be modified to contain the values of the desired colours.

## Improvements
Given more time to complete this project, there are many elements in which I intended to improve. Firstly, this current version only contains two levels. The code is structured in a way that is fairly simple to add more, so that would have been my first goal. Another important aspect to point out is that the game was originally designed for the arrow keys on a keyboard. Thus, I would've also wanted to configure the game to read user input from a PS2 keyboard. Lastly, as a fun component, I would have wanted to configure some of the keys on the FPGA board so that the user could be able to select the colour in which to display the pattern. This project was a great learning experience and I had a great time designing all the components which make up the product.
